feat: Added InputFile setup (#700)
bUnit-dev/bUnit: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

>  - Easy `InputFile` setup to upload a file. By [@egil](https://github.com/egil) and [@linkdotnet](https://github.com/linkdotnet).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Added test helpers that make it much easier to pass files to the `InputFile` component. Learn more [in the documentation](https://bunit.dev/docs/test-doubles/input-file). By [@egil](https://github.com/egil) and [@linkdotnet](https://github.com/linkdotnet).
```
